Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
What time is it?
Six-thirty.
Time to go.
Yeah.
You should have worked - in bomb disposal.
- Sshh!!
Look at her.
It's fucking nuts
that she came out of me.
Don't know what time I'll be back.
That's OK.
We'll be out clubbing anyway. so...
Love you.
We love you too.
Bon app.
Ugh.
You sound like my nan.
Fuck off.
I just overdid it at the gym
last night. that's all.
Oh. my God. I've gonna have to get
my arse in gear now you're here.
Hey. hey. hey. here she is.
Give a little round of applause
to welcome Amber back into the fold.
Alright. alright.
That'll do. That'll do.
OK. so. transfer rota for the day.
Amber and Marcus.
Winchester pick-up.
Murray. Jonas. Category B prisoner.
Firearms offences. Going to Cookham
Wood on medical grounds.
Copy that. boss.
Jaz and Joe. Streatham pick up.
Warner. Gary. Category C prisoner.
Rioting and racially aggravated
public order offences.
Request to be closer to family. approved.
Transfer to Bridgend.
Bridgend? As in Wales?
So that'll be a late one.
right. guv?
Only I've got a thing tonight.
Oh. you've got "a thing?"
Take the overtime. you twat.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Any other day of the week
I could do.
but I'm part of this group. innit?
Let me guess. Bible study.
That's hilarious. Joe.
No. it's er creative writing.
if you must know.
Prose or poetry?
Y-A. Fantasy.
Jesus.
I could use the overtime. Phil.
First day back. are you sure?
Yeah. Yeah. It's fine.
Fine.
- You go with Joe.
- Yes. Jaz. you're riding with Marcus.
- Happy. happy?
- Happy. happy.
Ready?
Yeah.
Harrison Dempsey.
you face ten counts
as the leader of the organised
crime group known as Pegasus.
The charges against you
are as follows:
money laundering.
illegal drug trafficking.
people trafficking for the purpose
of modern slavery.
fraud. and conspiracy to murder.
Do you plead guilty
or not guilty to these charges?
Not guilty. My Lady.
You may be seated.
Prosecution.
proceed with your opening speech.
Today is special.
The first day of the trial
we've all been fighting for.
This unit's investigation
into the Pegasus crime syndicate
is the single biggest
deployment of resources
in the history
of the National Crime Unit.
Seven years in the making.
We've celebrated more birthdays.
kids' graduations.
and wedding anniversaries
inside these walls
than I care to remember.
And that's all because of one man...
Putting Harrison Dempsey away
is the only thing that
anybody in this room cares about.
And the success of a guilty verdict
rests on the testimony of one man.
Tibor Stone is the most
precious asset we have.
Following his arrest Stones agreed
to give evidence in four days' time.
to identify the key players
within Pegasus
and to give us a detailed list
of the hits he carried out
under the orders of Harrison Dempsey.
In exchange. he gets witness
protection and a reduced sentence.
Those of you who know Stone
and what he's done.
the idea of cutting a deal with him
will turn your stomach
as much as it does mine.
but his evidence could destroy
Harrison Dempsey and Pegasus.
We know it.
And they know it too.
So we should expect
that they will do anything
to stop him taking that stand
in four days' time.
And I mean anything.
Deputy Commissioner Sandeep Varma.
Three vehicles from our Specialist
Firearms Command unit
will escort Stone
from his safe house
just after midnight
on Friday morning.
They'll enter London at 5am.
taking him directly
to the Old Bailey.
Tasking? Anything to add?
All good. sir.
Investigations?
Fine here.
O'Neil?
Er...
could we have a word. sir?
How the fuck did they find him?
It is just chatter.
It could be a bluff.
Yeah. and if it's not?
I'm not losing this witness.
He's the key to everything.
We have to move him right now.
If Pegasus know where Stone is.
four days is a long time
to leave him exposed
at that location.
Well. I can send an armed response
unit to escort him down.
It's gonna take them
four hours to get to him.
No. That's too long. Surely. we can
scramble a local firearms unit.
- a prison van. or something.
- We could take him to a local police station
and wait for more security.
No. I want him out of the area.
If we can get him to London.
we can put him near the Old Bailey.
Shall we check that with the boss?
It's a change of plan.
Well. she's in court.
I have operational control.
What's your er...?
What's your dissertation about?
The efficacy of rehab programs
in reducing recidivism rates.
Oh. well there you go.
That's er...
That's progressive.
forward thinking.
Nah. it's bullshit.
How are you gonna reform a rapist?
A murderer?
Or a bigoted. fascist
prick like our man in the back here?
And how much money is
that gonna cost?
Are you gonna put that
in your essay?
No. I'm going to tell them
exactly what they want to hear.
I'm going to pass the exam and bump
myself up into the next pay bracket.
thank you very much.
Look. don't get me wrong. it is
laudable. studying for a degree.
Totally. But that little 'un. Mia.
she'll be out the door before you
know it. and you'll wish
you'd grabbed every second
you can with her.
Trust me.
Alright. there?
Warner. Gary. Category C.
Transfer from Streatham.
Your prisoner.
OK. Right. you are.
Phil?
How you getting on?
We're just leaving Bridgend now.
"OK. so. got a weird one for you."
Head Office had a call
from the National Crime Unit.
They want us
to make an additional pick up.
Sorry. yours is the closest vehicle.
"But look on the bright side.
triple time."
They want us to make an extra stop.
You'll be bringing a prisoner
from a location near St Davids
to police custody in London.
The Old Bailey.
It's an overnight transfer...
under armed guard.
OK.
"The pickup locations classified.
"But you'll link up with police
en route.
"Follow the escort
until you reach your destination."
Have you ever done this
sort of pickup before?
No.
- Alright?
- Yeah. That's yours. for what it's worth.
- That's it?
- That's it. Ever administered insulin?
No.
Right. He's type-one diabetic.
Needs an injection
before every meal.
or if his blood sugar spikes.
or he's experiencing crashes.
OK.Don't worry.
he's good at telling you when.
We took away his insulin pump.
It's safer if you do it.
Safer?
Why? Who is this guy?
You don't want to know.
What does it say?
Male. IQ 145.
Type-one diabetic.
That's a hell of a Tinder profile.
Well. look lively. here he comes.
Wait.
Your prisoner.
I'm gonna walk you to the van.
You'll be placed in the back
for transportation.
Do you understand?
Hands.
Congratulations.
Excuse me?
How old is your baby?
I don't have kids.
My mistake.
This is Mobile Two. We're on
the move. Package on board.
Head for the A40.
"Roger that."
What the hell's going on?
Stone's location has been
compromised. ma'am.
I had to make the call
to bring him to London.
Well. where is he now?
He's on the move.
So far. so good.
How was day one?
Oh. you know. relaxed. low key.
Look. I need Stone in that court
room in four days' time.
Our whole case is riding on this.
He'll be there.
Be honest...
this is the best part of your job.
isn't it?
We're all set.
Every eventuality is considered.
Nothing you missed.
No.
Trust me.
It's nearly over. Dad.
You're wearing cufflinks.
Funny. isn't it?
How boys start dressing like men
when they think
they're about to become one.
Well...
gotta rise to the occasion. right?
They're five minutes away
from a roadside diner in Pencoed.
- And?
- Well. the guidelines stipulate he needs a comfort break
every two and a half hours.
Jesus Christ. Can we secure it?
They'll be in and out.
Alright. Make the call.
Clear the diner.
Comfort stop.
My partner will take you.
Hands.
Hiya.
"Hi."
I've only got a minute
while the passengers in the gents.
"I needed to hear your voice."
Sorry. Who is this?
Shut up.
So. when you coming home?
I think a few more hours yet.
"That's a long shift."
I was hoping Phil would have gone
easy on you on your first day back.
Baby. we've spoken about this.
I'm good at my job. I love it.
And if we want Mia to grow up in-
A world that's safe. yes. you need
to do your bit. I get it.
Thank you
Anyway.
who have you got in the back?
"Anyone interesting?"
I don't know.
He's odd.
It's all a bit odd. to be honest.
But nothing I can't handle.
Go on. put her on.
"It's Momma."
Hello. my baby.
"Mia. it's Momma.
Babe. I gotta go.
"OK. see you later."
When did they tell you
I was being moved?
How much notice did you get?
You're not trained for this.
You're unarmed.
So is your friend.
That smacks of a last-minute change.
Right?
You're way out of your depth.
aren't you.?
I'm hungry.
You got that cig?
I'm gonna need a shot of insulin.
You have to do it for me.
Not here. It's a public space.
We have to go somewhere private.
I don't think so.
The Human Rights Act. 1998.
which incorporates
the European Convention-
Do you want your shot or not?
Then lift up your shirt because
this is as private as it gets.
Thank you... Amber.
Time to go.
OK.
They're on the move. ma'am.
I want more vehicles on him.
I'm not taking any chances.
Who the bloody hell is this guy?
Where is everyone?
This is Mobile Four.
There's a traffic accident ahead.
the tunnel is blocked.
"We need to back up
and turn the convoy around."
Something's off.
"This is Mobile Five.
We're taking fire."
Secure Stone.
Mobile One. do you copy me?
Mobile one.
"Mobile Five. come in."
Get down!
Aahh!
Move! Go. go. go. go!
Ugh.
Get back-up in there.
There is no back-up.
I mean any police officer
in the vicinity with a fucking gun.
Just move!
Hey! Get me out of here!
Hey!
They're coming for me!
Argh!
Mobile One.
do you have eyes on Stone?
Take cover! Move!
Ugh.
Hey! Open the door!
Hey!
Get me out of here!
Ahhh!
Let me out! Open the door!
Open the door!
Where the fuck are those police?
Two minutes out. ma'am.
We need to move.
What are you doing?
So you can't run.
Fuck!
What are you doing?
Making us disappear.
I need the battery
Urgh! Ugh! Ugh!
Ugh!
Come on. run.
We've gotta get off this road.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
What're you doing?
Hold your breath
when we hit the water.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
We'll be pulled under briefly.
Just float for a second.
get your bearings. and swim with me.
No way! No fucking way!
She's coming to get us.
It's the only way out.
Do you want to die here. Amber?
- Of course I don't. - Then we jump.
I... Come on.
No. Please.
Quick!
Oh. my God. OK.
Ohh! Hoo!
Ready?
Wait. Just wait. Wait.
How we looking? Everything golden?
I don't have him yet.
Shit. Fuck!
"Eight armed police officers
are dead.
"Two NCU protection detail.
"here's one body
in the burnt-out truck:
"a male prison
transportation officer."
Any sign of the prisoner?
"Negative. ma'am. He's missing.
"So is the second
transport officer."
Maybe they got away with him - somehow.
- Get me their file.
O'Neill. I need to know if there was
any chatter around this hit.
Names. Exit packages. Anything.
On it.
Throw a perimeter around the area.
with every available officer.
The Prison Transport Officer's
details are incoming. ma'am.
Amber Todd. Three years in post.
She completed basic
Control And Restraint
and De-escalation Training.
no firearms experience.
or advanced scenario-based drills.
Then she's out of her depth
even if she is still alive.
I need to speak with you alone.
I'm sorry. Jo.
Every step of the way I've been
assuring people you've got this.
And look at the state of you.
I won't let you down.
It's too late. Alex.
Jesus. seven fucking years.
And for what?
11 people just died in that tunnel.
And our key witness is gone.
What the hell were you thinking?
You should have got clearance from
me to move Stone.
There wasn't enough time.
If he dies
and the case against
Dempsey collapses.
I'll hold you responsible.
Now. find him.
What the fuck just happened?
Come on.
She'll be tracking us.
Who is she?
I trained her.
We have to call your people
to get us out of here.
OK.
There.
It's alright! Bless you. bless you.
OK. TV?
Do you wanna see a bit of TV?
It's alright.
"The convoy was ambushed
in what officials are calling
"a calculated militarised assault
that left 11 people dead.
"Including eight police officers.
two national crime units' agents
"and one prison transport officer."
Come on.
Pick up. Pick up.
"This is Amber. I can't
get to the phone right now.
"but I'm all yours after the beep!"
OK. there's no phone.
We have to keep moving.
If she's tracking us.
we can't stand still.
Oh! What the fuck?
What are you doing?
You have to stop the bleeding.
What bleeding?
My back.
Oh. fuck.
Pull out the shrapnel
and clean the wound.
If I lose consciousness.
I could go into a diabetic coma.
OK.
OK. I can do that.
Agh! Ugh! Ugh!
I can't reach it.
So. unlock us.
Er. I lost them when we jumped.
Fuck.
Find something to smash them with.
These are reinforced alloy.
I need a blowtorch
to even make a dent. OK?
You're going to have to help me.
Ugh!
OK.
Fuck.
Pull it out.
With what?
With your fucking hands. Just do it!
Here for the pain.
I don't need that. Do it.
Argh!
OK.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Give me the fucking ruler.
Urgh!
Urgh! Urgh!
OK. I'm gonna pull now.
Alright.
Argh!
Urgh!
Urgh! Urgh!
Argh!
Ugh!
OK. OK.
OK. Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Clean the wound and bandage it.
You could have run.
Ready? Alcohol.
Argh!
Urgh!
Why did you come back for me?
It's my job to get you to court.
Who are you?
Who are these people
trying to kill you?
My name is Tibor Stone.
I'm a material witness against
an organisation called Pegasus.
My former employers.
I'm testifying on Friday.
Unless they get to me first.
And the woman who's hunting you...
you said that you trained her.
You trained her to do what?
To kill people.
What the bloody
hell are you doing in here?
It's OK. It's OK.
I'm a Prison Transport Officer.
OK. I need to use your phone.
please sir. It's an emergency.
Sir. It's Amber Todd.
Todd?
This is NCU Operations
Director Tebbit.
Is Stone with you?
"Yes. sir."
Thank Christ.
"Are you OK?"
I'm fine. But Joe...
My partner is dead.
I-I'm sorry to hear that.
And what...
what condition is Stone in?
He... He has a wound to his back.
but he's... he's stable.
Right. what's your location.
We'll get an evac team to you
and get you out.
"Er. we're...
we're in a river guard hut.
"The docks on the east side."
Half a mile downstream from the
tunnel. "Right. We're on our way."
OK.
And. Todd...
you watch yourself with Stone.
"He worked as a contract
killer for Pegasus."
47 confirmed kills.
and that's only the ones
we know about.
Good luck.
Shit. Help me. please!
Help me!
Tibor? Tibor.
How far away are they?
Any second. sir.
Not insulin.
I need a glucagon shot.
This one?
Yeah.
It's OK. I'll go and get them.
OK.
Hello. Nina.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm